add cuav pixhawk V6X (#2054)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/assembly/quick_start_pixhawk_v6x.md

# Pixhawk V6X Wiring Quick Start

This quick start guide shows how to power the Pixhawk V6X<sup>&reg;</sup> flight controller and connect its most important peripherals.

## Wiring Chart Overview {#wiring-Chart-Overview}

The image below shows how to connect the most important sensors and peripherals (except the motor and servo outputs). We'll go through each of these in detail in the following sections.

![wiring](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/quickstart_01_en.jpg)

| Main interface | **Function** |
| :--- | :--- |

> | POWER C1 | Please connect CAN PMU SE to this interface; this interface is connected to UAVCAN power module |

Reviewer: No need to be "overly polite"

```suggestion
| POWER C1 | Connect CAN PMU SE to this interface; this interface is connected to UAVCAN power module |
```

> | POWER C2 | Please connect CAN PMU SE to this interface; this interface is connected to UAVCAN power module |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| POWER C2 | Connect CAN PMU SE to this interface; this interface is connected to UAVCAN power module |
```

| POWER 1 | Connect SMbus(I2C) power module |
| POWER 2 | Connect SMbus(I2C) power module |
| GPS&SAFETY |Connect Neo series GPS/C-RTK 9PS, including GPS, safety switch, buzzer interface.|
| GPS2 |Connect GPS/RTK module|
| UART 4 | Support user customization |
| TELEM1/TELME2/TELEM3 | Connect telemetry or mavlink devices|
| TF CARD | SD card for log storage (card pre-inserted in factory). |
| M1~M8 | PWM output from IO , connecting to ESC and Servo|
| A1~A8 | Form FMU,Can be defined as PWM/GPIO; supports Bdshot; used to connect camera shutter/hot shoe, servo, etc. |
| USB | Connect to a computer for communication between the flight controller and the computer, such as loading firmware. |
| CAN1/CAN2 | Connect Dronecan/UAVCAN devices such as NEO3 Pro. |
| DSM/SUB/RSSI | Includes DSM, SBUS, RSSI signal input interface, DSM interface can be connected to DSM satellite receiver, SBUS interface to SBUS remote control receiver, RSSI for signal strength return module |
| PPM | Connecting the PPM RC Receiver |
| ETH |Ethernet interface, you can connect Ethernet devices such as task computers.|
|AD&IO| There are two analog inputs (ADC3.3/ADC6.6); generally not used|

## Vehicle Front

> > **NOTE** If the controller cannot be mounted in the recommended/default orientation (e.g. due to space constraints) you will need to configure the autopilot software with the orientation that you actually used: [Flight Controller Orientation](https://docs.px4.io/v1.9.0/en/assembly).

Reviewer: If linking internally, please use an internal link. Linking externally will eventually fail when we delete the old docs.

```suggestion
:::note
If the controller cannot be mounted in the recommended/default orientation (e.g. due to space constraints) you will need to configure the autopilot software with the orientation that you actually used: [Flight Controller Orientation](../config/flight_controller_orientation.md).
:::
```

> ![front](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/quickstart_02.jpg)

Reviewer: Several of these images have a lot of vertical whitepace above and below. Can you crop that out? Makes rendering better.

To disable the safety press and hold the safety switch for 1 second.
You can press the safety switch again to enable safety and disarm the vehicle (this can be useful if, for whatever reason, you are unable to disarm the vehicle from your remote control or ground station).
:::

## Radio Control

A remote control (RC) radio system is required if you want to *manually* control your vehicle (PX4 does not require a radio system for autonomous flight modes).

You will need to [select a compatible transmitter/receiver](../getting_started/rc_transmitter_receiver.md) and then *bind* them so that they communicate (read the instructions that come with your specific transmitter/receiver).

- Spektrum/DSM receivers connect to the **DSM/SBUS** input.
- PPM  receivers connect to the **PPM** input port.

For more information about selecting a radio system, receiver compatibility, and binding your transmitter/receiver pair, see: [Remote Control Transmitters & Receivers](../getting_started/rc_transmitter_receiver.md).

> ![](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/assets/quickstart_04.jpg)

Reviewer: FYI worth previewing the page. That shows most of these links are broken.

```suggestion
![](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/quickstart_04.jpg)
```

## Power

> Pixhawk V6X<sup>&reg;</sup> is equipped with CAN PMU lite module, it supports 3~14s lithium battery, please connect the 6pin connector of the module to the flight control **Power C1** 、**Power C2** interface.

Author: Sorry, I haven't edited the documentation for CAN PMU lite.

> Pixhawk V6X<sup>&reg;</sup> is equipped with CAN PMU lite module, it supports 3~14s lithium battery, please connect the 6pin connector of the module to the flight control **Power C1** 、**Power C2** interface.

Reviewer: That's fine! It was just if you had :-)

> Pixhawk V6X<sup>&reg;</sup> is equipped with CAN PMU lite module, it supports 3~14s lithium battery, please connect the 6pin connector of the module to the flight control **Power C1** 、**Power C2** interface.

Reviewer: Note, I added all these suggestions, because I can't edit the file directly. You should be able to do so from file view.

![Power](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/assets/quickstart_05.jpg)

*Pixhawk V6X* power port receives Dronecan digital signal from CAN PMU lite power module for voltage, current and remaining battery data, the VCC line must provide at least 3A continuous current and should default to 5.2V. A lower voltage of 5V is still acceptable but discouraged.

## Telemetry (Radio) system

[Telemetry radios](../telemetry/README.md) may be used to communicate and control a vehicle in flight from a ground station (for example, you can direct the UAV to a particular position, or upload a new mission).

The vehicle-based radio should be connected to the **TELEM1**/**TELEM2**/**TELEM3** port as shown below (if connected to **TELEM1**, no further configuration is required).
The other radio is connected to your ground station computer or mobile device (usually by USB).

> You can also purchase telemetry from the [CUAV store](https://store.cuav.net/uav-telemetry-module/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also purchase telemetry radios from the [CUAV store](https://store.cuav.net/uav-telemetry-module/).
```

> ![TELEME](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/assets/quickstart_06.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Telemetry radios](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/quickstart_06.jpg)
```

## SD Card

> SD cards are highly recommended as they require [recording and analyzing flight details](../getting_started/flight_reporting.md), running tasks and using UAVCAN bus hardware.The SD card is already installed on Pixhawk V6X<sup>&reg;</sup> when it leaves the factory, so you don't need to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SD cards are highly recommended as they are required for [recording and analyzing flight details](../getting_started/flight_reporting.md), running tasks and using UAVCAN bus hardware.
An SD card is already installed on Pixhawk V6X<sup>&reg;</sup> when it leaves the factory.
```

:::tip
For more information see [Basic Concepts > SD Cards (Removable Memory)](../getting_started/px4_basic_concepts.md#sd-cards-removable-memory).
:::

## Motors/Servo

Motors/servos are connected to the **M1~M8** (**MAIN**) and **A1~A8** (**AUX**) ports in the order specified for your vehicle in the [Airframe Reference](../airframes/airframe_reference.md).

> ![Motors](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/assets/quickstart_07.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Motors](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/quickstart_07.jpg)
```

:::note

> The **MAIN** outputs in the PX4 firmware are mapped to the *Pixhawk V6X's M1~M8 ports (from IO), while the **AUX outputs** are mapped to the *Pixhawk V6X*'s A1~A8 ports (from the FMU),For example, **MAIN1** maps to M1 pin and **AUX1** maps to A1 pin.This reference lists the output port to motor/servo mapping for all supported air and ground frames (if your frame is not listed in the reference then use a "generic" airframe of the correct type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **MAIN** outputs in the PX4 firmware are mapped to the *Pixhawk V6X's M1~M8 ports (from IO), while the **AUX outputs** are mapped to the *Pixhawk V6X*'s A1~A8 ports (from the FMU).
For example, **MAIN1** maps to M1 pin and **AUX1** maps to A1 pin.
This reference lists the output port to motor/servo mapping for all supported air and ground frames (if your frame is not listed in the reference then use a "generic" airframe of the correct type).
```

:::

:::warning
The mapping is not consistent across frames (e.g. you can't rely on the throttle being on the same output for all plane frames). Make sure to use the correct mapping for your vehicle.
:::

## Servo power supply

Pixhawk V6X<sup>&reg;</sup> does not supply power to the servos. If using a plane or rover, an external BEC (eg, BEC-equipped ESC or separate 5V BEC or 2S LiPo battery) needs to be connected to any of the power (+) pins in M1~M8/A1~A8 to drive the servos .

> ![servo](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/assets/quickstart_08.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![servo](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/quickstart_08.jpg)
```
